Stella; Just because we’re forced to go here, don’t think that means that I’ll be talking to you while we’re here, because I won’t.; 0; L;
Ryan; You didn’t say anything on that 3-and-a-half hour bus ride to the middle of who the hell knows where, just to say something so obvious the second we get off the bus? Yeah, I think we’re on the same page about this.; 0; R;
Director Ray; Welcome, New Campers!; 0; R;
Director Ray; You must be Stella and Ryan! If my records are correct, you’re here because your parents just got married, and you two aren’t getting along so well, so they shipped you off here!; 0; R;
Ryan; This sounds like something that should be said in a private office instead of in front of the enti-; 0; L;
Director Ray; Stella, your dad says that you were the star batter for the East Pines High School intramural baseball league, winning multiple gold trophies in different tournaments!; 0; R;
Stella; 3 YEARS AND RUNNING, BABY!; 0; L;
Director Ray; And Ryan, your mom says that you were a star pitcher for Anderson Prep’s intramural baseball league, taking home several several pennants!; 0; R;
Ryan; I mean, I’m not counting, but...three to be specific.; 0; L;
Director Ray; Fascinating! Allow me to introduce myself. I’m the camp director here, but everyone just calls me Ray! Makes sense, since that’s my name! Anyways, welcome to Joe DiMagio’s Baseball Academy!; 0; R;
Stella; Wait, don’t you mean Joe DiM-; 0; L;
Director Ray; Please keep all questions until the end of the introduction. Now where was I? Oh yeah. Here at Joe DiMagio’s Baseball Academy, you’ll be split up into different leagues, practice your skills, and towards the middle of the camp year, you’ll be competing with the other teams to win a prize!; 0; R;
Ryan; That sounds harmless enou-; 0; L;
Director Ray; Unfortunately...; 0; R;
Stella; Oh boy, here we go.; 0; L;
Director Ray; Since you two arrived so late in the summer, you already missed almost all of the normal training period. You’ve basically got today, but after that, you’ll have to find extra time to practice on your own. Normally, we don’t accept late comers, but after I heard the story from your parents, and heard about both of your skills, I decided to make an exception.; 0; R;
Stella; My dad told us that it was because he paid ext-; 0; L;
Director Ray; Now, I assume that your parents told you that they told me to put you on the same team so that you two work together?; 0; R;
Ryan; *grunt* Yeah, we know. Don’t remind us.; 0; L;
Stella; We’re hoping that we’ll be able to avoid each other by conversing with other people on our team, and forming everlasting bonds of friendship.; 0; L;
Director Ray; About that...; 0; R;
Ryan; Oh god damnit.; 0; L;
Director Ray; We kind of already have the maximum capacity of players on each team. It was kind of at a perfect balance, and then you two showed up. It’s kind of like you two were a hideous blemish on an otherwise perfect system.; 0; R;
Ryan; Ouch.; 0; L;
Director Ray; That’s ok though, because I’ve come up with a solution!; 0; R;
Stella; You’re gonna let us go home and give our parents a full refund?; 0; L;
Director Ray; Don’t be silly! Besides, the bus is acting kind of wonky, and it won’t be ready for a while.; 0; R;
Stella; Yeah, I was gonna say that your bus was leaking some sort of black fluid for the entire trip. Does it normally do that?; 0; L;
Director Ray; Only when we drive it.; 0; R;
Stella; Uh, that doesn’t sou-; 0; L;
Director Ray; Back to my great idea! You two are going to work together on your own team!; 0; R;
Ryan & Stella; WHAT!?!?!?; 0; M;
Director Ray; I mean, we’ll have to alter the rules a little bit, but it’s definitely feasible! You know what they say: “It takes 2 to play baseball!”; 0; R;
Stella; FIRST OF ALL, WHO!?!? WHO SAYS THAT!?!? Second, there’s NO way I’m forming a team with Ryan!; 0; L;
Ryan; I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I agree with her. That’s never happening, and you can’t say anything to convince me otherwise!; 0; L;
Director Ray; Well, it’s either that, or peel potatoes with Cook Lockstock for the entire summer.; 0; R;
Ryan; ...I’m seriously weighing my options.; 0; L;
Stella; Wait, wasn’t Lockstock the name of our bus driver?; 0; L;
Director Ray; Yes, Lockstock pulls many jobs around this camp. He’s also our camp security guard.; 0; R;
Stella; What else does he do?; 0; L;
Director Ray; Oh, that’s it.; 0; R;
Ryan; ...So three.; 0; L;
Director Ray; Yeah, three. So what do you say? You want to play some ball?; 0; R;
Ryan & Stella; …*grunt* Fine.; 0; M;
Director Ray; Great! We’ll set you up with one of our Counselors as your personal coach. Oh Counselor DAAAAAAAN!; 0; R;
Counselor Dan; Counselor Dan, reporting for duty sir!; 0; R;
Ryan; *whisper* This guy doesn’t even look like he can hold a baseball, let alone be a baseball coach!; 0; L;
Stella; *whisper* Funny, I could say the same thing about you.; 0; L;
Ryan; Watch it!; 0; L;
Stella; You watch it!; 0; L;
Counselor Dan; Both of you watch it!; 0; R;
Counselor Dan; Now, normally I’d help you get into shape and get ready for the tournament, but since we’ve run out of time, the only thing I can really help you with is giving you some morale-boosts for the game you’re about to play. Remember, this is only a practice game, so go out there, and have fun, and I’m sure you two will do great!; 0; R;
Director Ray; Right, so for this scrimmage, you’ll be facing the...Valiant Falcons!; 0; R;
Counselor Dan; Oh damn. Never mind, you two are screwed, there’s no way that you can win this match.; 0; R;
Stella; What happened to your “morale-boosts”?; 0; L;
Counselor Dan; That was before I knew that you were going to be facing the Valiant Falcons. They’ve the best team for 3 years straight, and don’t even get me started on their captain, Faye. She’s the fiercest SOB I’ve ever seen on a baseball field.; 0; R;
Faye; Oh please, do go on!; 0; R;
Ryan; You must be Faye.; 0; L;
Counselor Dan; What tipped you off, the fact that she responded when I referred to “Faye”?; 0; R;
Faye; So, these are the two newbies that my team’ll be facing off against now, huh?; 0; R;
Director Ray; That’s correct! Now remember, this is just a scrimmage, so try to go easy on them. We don’t need more kids in the infirmary.; 0; R;
Stella; Wait, what do you mean “more”?; 0; L;
Faye; I’ll try my best, Ray. As for you two, good luck out there. You’re gonna need it.; 0; R;
Ryan; That’s it? That’s the best you’ve got? No trash talking? Some baseball player she is.; 0; L;
Director Ray; Au contraire. She’s our model player. On the field, she’s the toughest, most no-nonsense player at this camp. But off the field, she’s extremely modest of her skills.; 0; R;
Counselor Dan; Well, enough chit-chat. Time for you two to play some ball!; 0; R;
Stella; Wait, you never told us how to play! We’re just two people after all!; 0; L;
Director Ray; Oh, right. Well, how about this: the other team will charge at you, and you just have to fight them all off.; 0; R;
Ryan; How does that have ANYTHING to do with baseball?; 0; L;
Director Ray; How do you think you’ll be fighting them off? You guys are star players, after all. Just use your pitching and batting skills to fight them off.; 0; R;
Stella; What if the other team gets hurt? Or more importantly, what if we get hurt? Or even more importantly, what if I get hurt?; 0; L;
Director Ray; Don’t worry, your parents signed a contract, so the camp will be fine in case of a camper injury.; 0; R;
Stella; That didn’t really answer my question.; 0; L;
Ryan; You’re just nervous that my pitching skills will outweigh your batting skills, aren’t you?; 0; L;
Stella; Please, you don’t stand a chance against me and my lucky bat.; 0; L;
Ryan; Whatever, let’s just get this over with. We’ll do fine as long as you don’t get in the way.; 0; L;
Stella; Right back at you.; 0; L;